fix(cli): removed alpha channel from default IOS AppIcons (#10114)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/ios-non-transparent-icons.md

---
"@tauri-apps/cli": patch:bug
"tauri-cli": patch:bug
---

> According to Apple's human interface guideline
> (https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/app-icons)
> transparent or icons with alpha channel are not allowed, and will be rejected
> upon upload to Apple appstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed alpha channel from default icons in iOS template to comply with Apple's human interface guideline
(https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/app-icons), because
transparent icons with alpha channel are not allowed, and will be rejected
upon upload to Apple appstore.
```

> According to Apple's human interface guideline
> (https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/app-icons)
> transparent or icons with alpha channel are not allowed, and will be rejected
> upon upload to Apple appstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed alpha channel from default icons in iOS template to comply with Apple's human interface guideline
(https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/app-icons), because
transparent icons with alpha channel are not allowed, and will be rejected
upon upload to Apple appstore.
```
